#labels Featured
==== 1.1.1 (11-23-2008) ====

- Same-day minor release to fix build issues with newly released Xcode 3.1.2

==== 1.1 (11-23-2008) ====

- Promoted 1.1-RC2 to final 1.1 release.

==== 1.1-RC2 (10-29-2008) ====

- Fixed issue #6 from trunk: {{{-[PLSqliteDatabase executeUpdate:]}}} methods do not explicitly close the autoreleased statement

==== 1.0.1 (8-01-2008) ====

- Backported a fix from trunk for {{{-[PLSqliteResultSet close]}}}. Ensures that close calls sqlite3_finalize() only once (either at release time, or when close is called manually).

==== 1.1-RC1 (6-13-2008) ====

- Added {{{-[PLResultSet objectForColumn:]}}}, returning column values as a Foundation data-type.

- Added PLPreparedStatement, with support for pre-compiled statements, named parameter binding, and positional parameter binding.

- Added an explicit {{{-[PLDatabase close]}}} method, to support timely resource release in a GC environment.

- Documented library error handling and thread-safety guidelines.

==== 1.0 (6-13-2008) ====

Released RC1 as the final 1.0 release.

==== 1.0-RC1 (5-19-2008) ====

It is highly recommended that all users update to the release candidate.

- Fixed a bug in string encoding handling in PLSqliteResultSet, which may have resulted in  {{{-[PLResultSet stringForColumn:]}}} returning invalid strings due to a buffer over-read. Thanks to Paul Phillips for reporting this (Issue #2).

No further API changes or features will be added to the 1.0 branch prior to release.

==== 1.0-PR2 (5-13-2008) ====

- Added bin/embedded-build.sh, supports building an embeddable, universal library for arbitrary SDKs (including the iPhone SDK).

- Expanded error handling support. Provides access to vendor error codes and messages via NSError.

==== 1.0-PR1 ====
- Initial Release